doc(v1.9.0): deprecate v1beta1 CRDs (#1065)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/important-notes/_index.md

The functionality of the [environment check script](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/master/scripts/environment_check.sh) (`environment_check.sh`) overlaps with that of the Longhorn CLI, which is available starting with v1.7.0. Because of this, the script is deprecated in v1.7.0 and is scheduled for removal in v1.9.0.

> ### Kubernetes Custom Resource API longhorn.io/v1beta1
> 
> Since v1.9.0, custom resource `longhorn.io/v1beta1` is deprecated, and is planned to be removed at v1.10.0. Change to `longhorn.io/v1beta2` instead.
> 
> ## General

Reviewer: WDYT?
```suggestion
### Deprecate `longhorn.io/v1beta1` API version

Since v1.9.0, the longhorn.io/v1beta1 API version has been deprecated and will be removed in v1.10.0. During the Longhorn system upgrade, custom resources using longhorn.io/v1beta1 will be automatically migrated to longhorn.io/v1beta2.

## General
```

> ### Deprecate `longhorn.io/v1beta1` API version
> 
> Since v1.9.0, the longhorn.io/v1beta1 API version has been deprecated and will be removed in v1.10.0. During the Longhorn system upgrade, custom resources using longhorn.io/v1beta1 will be automatically migrated to longhorn.io/v1beta2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Deprecate `longhorn.io/v1beta1` API

The `v1beta1` version of the Longhorn API is deprecated in v1.9.0 and will be removed in v1.10.0. During Longhorn system upgrades, custom resources using `longhorn.io/v1beta1` are automatically migrated to `longhorn.io/v1beta2`.
```
